# Question 4 – AI Reflection

[Has your perspective on using AI in programming changed over the semester? Explain specifically.] My opinion on AI in programming has changed over this semester. Using it for different assignments has shown me how if used correctly and for intentional purposes you can truly speed up the processes and also way more effectively accomplish tasks. I believe as long as you are using it as an aid and not a crutch AI is very beneficial and honestly you can use it to learn the things you dont know as well. AI is something right now that ive been trying to figure out the lines to include in my work and projects etc and this course allowed me to figure out how I should be using it which for me has changed the way I approach work as a whole. 

[How do you plan to use AI in future programming or coursework? Be concrete.] I plan to use AI to make my workflow more efficient and to learn, even in terms of syntax and terminoligy its nice to be able to get quick and explained answers or even discover more effective ways than known before. I will be using it also for the simpler tasks such as automating my push to github process or making my repository more organized. I will also use it to understand the deeper side of things in terms of assignments, sometimes ive struggled to understand what exactly the assigment was asking or trying to get me to learn by the end and I will be using AI to make sure im taking the correct steps in terms of staying on top of my knowledge as well. 
